Add another appendix with extension information for back-end developers (#12)
intelie/gitbook-platform: developers/backend-api/extensions.md

}
// ...
```

## Appendix: Finding all extensions created

In case you need to list all extensions created, you may use the `live.data().getContext()` API and the `AllExtensions` Live facility as the criteria to query the underlay SQL database. The Live package `net.intelie.live.queries` delivers other similar facilities for all Live basic entities (e.g dashboards, datasources, plugins, perspectives, etc).

```java
//...
EntityContext entityContext = live.data().getContext(); // Live API EntityContext wraps the access to Live model persistence
entityContext.find(new AllExtensions()); // list all extensions configured (active or inactive) in the Live runtime
//...
```

> The `EntityContext` API and Live Data API will be discussed in details in another section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `EntityContext` API and Live Data API will be discussed in details in another section.

Frontend plugins has no such API to list extensions (or generic entities). Each resource in Live REST API is protected according. For example, the `/rest/extension` endpoint list all extensions but it is restricted to Live administrative users only.
```

}
// ...
```

## Appendix: Finding all extensions created

> In case you want to find all extensions created by the users of your plugin or any other, you may find in `getContext()` in live API. Remember: this data is also available in `https://foo.intelie.com/rest/extension`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you need to list all extensions created, you may use the `live.data().getContext()` API and the `AllExtensions` facility as the hibernate criteria.
```

Reviewer: I removed the mention to /rest/extension because it is accessible only for administrators. In the other hand, any activity made by backend plugins is not limited to the permission layer. Backend plugins bypasses the permission layer and executes on privileged mode in the Live runtime.
